The Multi-threaded Application Real-Time executor (MARTe) is a C++ framework for the development of real-time applications.

MARTe is built upon a C++ multi-platform real-time library named BaseLib2. The first key feature of the library is the ability to run the same code in different Operating Systems (OS). It is organized in consecutive layers where the lowest level implements the different calls for each of the available systems. In order to guarantee portability, the remaining layers and the end-user code must use the functionalities provided by the library, avoiding OS dependent calls. This layered scheme provides a logical organization on how the code is distributed. Top layers have a broader view over the library functionality and tend to accommodate code that is less critical for the operation of a system, granting at the same time a set of tools that greatly eases the development of applications. When porting the library to a new OS only the lowest layer needs to be adjusted.

Copyright 2015 F4E | European Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy ('Fusion for Energy').
Licensed under the EUPL, Version 1.1 or - as soon they will be approved by the European Commission - subsequent versions of the EUPL (the "Licence"). You may not use this work except in compliance with the Licence. You may obtain a copy of the Licence at: http://ec.europa.eu/idabc/eupl

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the Licence is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the Licence permissions and limitations under the Licence.
